(a)
   On branch master
   Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

   nothing to commit, working tree clean

(b)
   There have been a total of 9 commits to the repository. I used this command to count 
   and print the commits to the current respositroy, git rev-list --count HEAD. I also
   simply used git log and counted each commit to assure the previous command was correct.

(c)
   Dylans-MacBook-Pro:assignment2 dmorrill$ git log .gitignore
   commit e424a923e80da4772ca789591ef3326230062a71
   Author: Esteban Parra <estebanpr014@gmail.com>
   Date:   Wed Sep 25 18:13:30 2019 -0400

   The first line contains the command I used and the last line contains the date of the 
   last modification.

(d)
   One of the main reasons that branches are used in respoitories is that they allow multiple
   developers to work on different facets of the same project without any collateral damage.
   The second reason is to allow developers to work on projects while a version of said project
   is live or have gone through production.

(e)
   Git status displays the differences between the current directory or respository and the
   current HEAD commit or master branch. Where as git log basically lists all the commit logs.

(f)
   git log Vehicle.h

(g)
   git log --grep="file"

(h)
   Inheritance, with regards to object oriented programming, allows objects to take on or inherit 
   attributes, properties, and methods from another object. Polymorphism refers to the concept
   that methods or interfaces should be capable of reading objects of different types. Encapsulation
   is closely connected to classes as this concept refers to compiling data properties and methods 
   that use that data, together such as a class. This allows the developer to hide the class data
   and methods behind an object. 

(i)
   The main difference is in the integration workflow, each developer has their own pubic repository
   to push. Each of which are pulled by the integration manager that resolves any conflicts then
   pushes to the master repository. With the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow each developer pushes
   their changes to a given "lieutenant" or similarly integration manager that resolves conflicts.
   Then each leutenant pushes to the dicator, who merges all the changes and resolves final conflicts
   before pushing to the master repository. 

(j)
   If a 100 developrs were following a centralized workflow, the amount of confflicts could be exponential
   and resolving all the conflicts in a timely manner would be nearly impossible. That is why the Dictator
   and Lieutenant workflow would be beneficial. This workflow allows for changes and conflicts to be micro-
   managed using the lieutenants and the dictator. 

(5 OOP Principles)
   Both polymorphism and encapsulation are used within this driving simulator. Polymorphism is used as say
   the bycicle and skateboard class inherits from Vehicle allowing an object of type vehicle to assess other
   types such as the bycicle and skateboard. Encapsulation is used in the creation of all of our classes as
   classes are a construction or data and methdods that are perform on said data.